feat(curriculum): add websockets quiz (#67822)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/quiz-websockets/6a226d36b5d21265afeadc82.md

#### --answer--

Node.js does not have a built-in WebSocket server.

### --question--

#### --text--

What are the three main parts of a Pub/Sub architecture?

#### --distractors--

Senders, queues, and receivers.

---

Producers, channels, and consumers.

---

Clients, servers, and databases.

#### --answer--

Publishers, topics, and subscribers.

### --question--

#### --text--

What communication model does HTTP follow?

#### --distractors--

A persistent bidirectional model.

---

A broadcast model.

---

A pub/sub model.

#### --answer--

The request-response model.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which WebSocket event fires when a new client connects to the server?

#### --distractors--

`connect`

---

`open`

---

`join`

#### --answer--

`connection`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the main disadvantage of direct application-to-application communication compared to Pub/Sub?

#### --distractors--

Direct communication is always slower than Pub/Sub.

---

Direct communication prevents applications from sending more than one message.

---

Direct communication always requires a third-party authentication server.

#### --answer--

> It creates an unnecessary dependency between the applications, a change or failure in one app can break the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It creates an unnecessary dependency between the applications; a change or failure in one app can break the other.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which protocol does a WebSocket connection start with before upgrading?

#### --distractors--

WebSocket connections start with a dedicated WebSocket protocol from the very beginning.

---

WebSocket connections start with TCP, bypassing HTTP entirely.

---

> Every WebSocket connections start with FTP, then upgrade to WebSocket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every WebSocket connection starts with FTP, then upgrades to WebSocket.
```
